Welcome to the micro text editor!

Don't worry, it's not Vim.
Let's get to know it a little.

Go to line 12 by using Ctrl-L. Notice how this opens the command line at the very
bottom of the screen, allowing you to enter a line number. Once there, skip ahead
a word at a time by using Alt-Right. Remember, issue the command, don't join the movement.
When you're in position, use Shift-Alt-Right to select a word at a time and Shift-Right to
select a character at a time.

SELECT > THIS PART < ONLY!

Got it selected? Excellent. Copy it by using Ctrl-C. Then go to line 19. Once there,
skip to the end of the line using End. On Macs lacking the End button, you can use Fn-Right.
Fn-Left is the home button. Fn-Up and Fn-Down are PageUp and PageDown by the way. To paste,
use Ctrl-V. Then cut the first word on that line by selecting it and issuing Ctrl-X.

PASTE AT THE END OF THE LINE:

Nice! Almost ready to start the exercise. Let's open up the code and the tests side-by-side,
shall we? Start with the tests. Open the command line with Ctrl-E. Use the vsplit command
followed by the file name (leap_year_test.py). Notice that tab completion works.

You should now have the tests open in a split to the right. We'll get to them in a minute.
First we should save this file and open the code in its place though.

Jump back to this split by using Ctrl-W. That's the command to jump between splits.

Save this file by using Ctrl-S. Open the code (leap_year.py) by using Ctrl-O and entering
the file name as you did with the tests. Notice how this file is replaced with that file.

Before you close this file though, make sure that you have the tests continuosly running in
another terminal. On this machine, pytest-watch is installed and aliased as "ptw".

There's much more to the micro editor than this and you can use Ctrl-G to open various help
topics. For example, Alt-Shift-Up/Down gives you multiple cursors. Esc removes them all.

There are also a number of custom key bindings on this machine. Using Esc as above is one of
them. Ctrl-J for joining lines and Ctrl-U for commenting a line are another two.

But don't worry if you don't remember all of this during the exercise. You'll figure it all
out as a team.

Good luck and listen to your C3PO!
